---
date: 2022-01-02 00:00 EST
title: "2022 Week 0: Strong start"
description:
  "Starting the year out strong with a productive week. Making progress with a
  server migration, recording new videos, and a new mini-mastermind."
tags: 2022, devlog
---

Only a few days in, and I have had very productive progress.

Even though it's only been a few days into the year, literally 2, I have been
very productive. After all, 2022 did start off with a weekend and my weekends
are usually the best time for me to get stuff done. Plus this is my last days
before I go back to my day job after a 2 week holiday 😢. So I was extra
motivated.

## This week

My big focus has been in migrating my older projects to my new server. I had
scaled up the server a while back to have more storage for log.fm, but since I
plan on going a different hosting route for it later, I no longer need the
larger server. Sadly, digital ocean does not support scaling down the disk space
:/

### Maker:

- wrote/published 1 full article, and drafted another
- recorded 5 1/2 videos for [my YouTube channel](https://youtube.com/nickfrosty)
- created a notion doc to help track my daily progress
- started the stripe integration for my first product

### Manager:

- began migrating [my projects](/projects) from my old server, to my new one
- signed up for email octopus for my building in public newsletter I want to
  grow
- made several social comments on twitter and IH (got some nice page views to
  Boomerang and my site)
- update the renewal settings on the MANY domains I have and don't use

While doing this migration, I was able to record the the devops videos on
setting up the new server. So win, win I guess. These 5 videos I was able to
record puts me at 8 total to edit, for my 12 video goal for the year. So maybe I
need to expand my video goal for the year?

With this server migration, and updating the domain renewals, I am trying to cut
costs where I don't need to spend!

---

## Next week goals/tasks

I think my day job will be light this week, but my kid is staying home from day
care too, so it will be interesting to see how much time I can actually manage
to get good maker time. Usually I can get more of the manger/marketing things
during that "interruptible" time

### Maker:

- complete the stripe integration
- publish the MySQL article in progress:
  [backup and restore MySQL databases](/articles/restore-mysql-database-from-backup-with-command-line)
- finalize my new YT endtro

### Manager:

- complete the server migration
- schedule 4 tweets
- test the Vercel platform
- minor research on AWS

Shoutout to [@ryanstrickler](https://twitter.com/ryanstrickler) for the
"schedule some tweets" idea. He mentioned it as part of his plan in our
mini-mastermind.

<div class="msg note">
PS: Here is [my personal notion doc](https://nickfrosty.notion.site/2022-Get-things-done-df66e4729bd84b68bfaf16e74b7b4b51) that I am recording my daily progress for 2022.
</div>
